Edits to plans docs (#1865)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/writing_plans.md

# Writing plans in the Puppet language

Bolt plans allow you to tie together complex workflows that include multiple
tasks, scripts, commands, and even other plans.

Plans written in the Puppet language allow for more sophisticated control flow
and better error handling than YAML plans. Puppet plans also allow you to apply
blocks of Puppet code to remote targets.

When you're writing a plan, you can use any combination of [Bolt 
functions](plan_functions.md) or [built-in Puppet functions](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/function.html).

> **Note:** For information on how to convert an existing YAML plan to a Puppet
> plan, see [Converting YAML plans to Puppet language plans](writing_yaml_plans.md).

## Plan location

Bolt content follows the same directory structure as Puppet modules. Bolt

> loads plans located in the `site-modules/<MODULE_NAME>/plans` and

Reviewer: I think including that 'modules/' is for downloaded module content and 'site-modules' is for developing content would be useful here. Something like "Bolt loads downloaded plans from modules/, and local plans from site-modules/". I'm not sure if 'local' or 'custom' is a better word...

}
```

> ## Indicating success and failure in plans

Reviewer: 'Indicating' feels a little weird, I think 'Plan success and failure' or 'Plan exit status' might be better? Or the original wasn't too bad :shrug:

Any plan that completes execution without an error is considered successful. The
`bolt` command exits `0` and any calling plans continue execution. If any calls
to `run_` functions fail **without** `_catch_errors`, the plan halts execution
and is considered a failure. Any calling plans also halt until a `run_plan` call
with `_catch_errors` or a `catch_errors` block is reached. If one isn't reached,

> the `bolt` command exits `2`. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure where this exits `2`, but if I have a plan fail the exit code is `1`? I think we can probably just remove this altogether, since it might fail with different exit codes in other scenarios.

When writing a plan, if you have reason to believe it has failed, you can fail

> the plan with the `fail_plan` function. This causes the bolt command to exit `2`

Reviewer: Same here

## Puppet and Ruby functions in plans

> You can define and call [Puppet language functions](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/function.html) and Ruby functions in plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define and call [built-in Puppet functions](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/function.html) and custom Ruby functions in plans.
```

- [facts module](https://forge.puppet.com/puppetlabs/facts): Contains tasks and plans to discover facts about target systems.
- [facts
  plan](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-facts/blob/master/plans/init.pp):
  Gathers facts using the facts task and sets the facts in inventory.
- [facts::info
  plan](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-facts/blob/master/plans/info.pp):
  Uses the facts task to discover facts and map relevant fact values to targets.

### Intermediate plans

These resources show more advanced features in the plan language.

- [reboot module](https://forge.puppet.com/puppetlabs/reboot): Contains tasks and plans for managing system reboots.
- [reboot
  plan](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-reboot/blob/master/plans/init.pp):
  Restarts a target system and waits for it to become available again.

### Advanced plans

These resources show more complex use cases such as applying puppet code blocks
and using external modules.

- [Introducing Masterless Puppet with
  Bolt](https://puppet.com/blog/introducing-masterless-puppet-bolt): Blog post
  explaining how plans can be used to deploy a load-balanced web server.

> - [profiles::nginx_install

Reviewer: The TIG example actually seems good to replace this, once bolt.guide is removed
